PREVIOUSLY ON "BETRAYAL"...
I THOUGHT
THIS WASN'T GONNA HAPPEN.
IT WON'T.
SHE'S A PROBLEM, JACK.
YOU HAVEN'T SEEN MY PHONE,
HAVE YOU?
NOPE. SORRY.
I don't know
what I did with it.
JUST ANSWER ME.
ARE YOU HAVING AN AFFAIR?
NO.
THIS IS A TEST SHOT.
CASE IS DISMISSED.
NOW THAT IT'S OVER,
WE CAN GET BACK TO BUSINESS.
I QUIT.
THATCHER, I'M NOT WORKING
FOR YOU ANYMORE.
I've never been
so happy.
HEY.
I'M EXHAUSTED.
I'M HEADING TO BED.
DID YOU HEAR
ABOUT THE KARSTEN CASE?
NO. WHAT?
AH, FORGET IT.
YOU DON'T WANT
TO HEAR ABOUT MY WORK.
IT BORES YOU,
RIGHT?
NO.
I NEVER SAID THAT.
CASE WAS DISMISSED.
NO EVIDENCE.
REALLY?
WHAT HAPPENED?
WHAT'S IT MATTER?
IT'S ALL A WHITEWASH
BY THEIR LAWYER -- McALLISTER.
WELL, I'M SORRY THAT --
THIS McALLISTER
IS SUCH A LOWLIFE.
ALL HE DOES
IS MOP UP AFTER KARSTEN'S MESS.
HIS HANDS ARE SO DIRTY,
IT'S ONLY A MATTER OF TIME
BEFORE HE ENDS UP BEHIND BARS,
A REAL SCUMBAG.
WELL I'M TIRED,
DREW.
I'M HEADING TO BED.
OH, I'M SORRY.
I THOUGHT YOU WANTED
TO HEAR ABOUT THE CASE.
I DID. I DO.
I'M JUST EXHAUSTED.
HEY,
YOU EVER FIND YOUR PHONE?
NO,
I DIDN'T.
YOU GOT
A BUNCH OF CALLS.
WHO'S J.M.?
I DIDN'T SAY
ANYTHING BEFORE,
BUT HE'S INTERESTED
IN BUYING A PRINT.
DON'T DO THAT.
DON'T LIE TO ME.
YOU'VE BEEN HAVING SEX
WITH HIM, RIGHT?
RIGHT?
GET OUT.
COME ON --
OUT.
PLEASE --
GET OUT!
DON'T TALK TO ME
LIKE THAT.
MOMMY?
DON'T LET HIM SEE THIS,
OKAY?
MOMMY?
HI, OLIVER.
MOMMY AND DADDY
ARE JUST TALKING, OKAY?
YOU'RE GONNA GO BACK
TO SLEEP, OKAY?
GO BACK TO SLEEP.
OKAY. ALL RIGHT.
PLEASE.
IT'S NOT FAIR.
IF I'M NOT HERE
IN THE MORNING,
HE'S NOT
GONNA UNDERSTAND --
YOU ARE NOT
SLEEPING HERE TONIGHT.
IT'S NOT FAIR TO HIM.
PLEASE.
DREW, WE CAN JUST TALK
ABOUT IT, OKAY?
NO, WE CAN'T.
PLEASE.
NOT NOW!
-- Captions by VITAC --
I'M SO SORRY.
WHAT NOW?
I DON'T KNOW.
WHAT ARE WE DOING?
IT'LL BE OKAY.
YES. I'LL STAY
WITH YOU TONIGHT.
YOU SHOULDN'T BE ALONE.
NO, I-I NEED
TO THINK.
LET'S JUST --
LET'S TALK TOMORROW.
OKAY.
COME ON.
HEY.
OH, HEY.
SORRY.
I'VE BEEN MEANING
TO SCRAPE THAT DOWN.
WELL,
THAT'S OKAY.
YOU'VE BEEN VERY BUSY KEEPING
MY LITTLE BROTHER OUT OF JAIL.
WHY DIDN'T YOU COME
TO THE RESTAURANT?
EVERYONE
WAS SO HAPPY.
OH, I WAS TRYING TO FINISH
SOME STUFF AT THE OFFICE.
WELL, IT'S OKAY,
BECAUSE I BROUGHT CHAMPAGNE
FOR THE TWO OF US.
WHAT'S THE MATTER?
YOU'RE LIKE
8,000 MILES AWAY.
I HAVE SOMETHING
TO TELL YOU.
WHAT, BABE?
I-I QUIT
KARSTEN ALLIED.
WHAT? WHEN?
ON MY WAY OUT
OF THE COURTHOUSE TODAY.
MY DAD DIDN'T SAY ANYTHING
TO ME.
IT WAS
A LONG TIME COMING.
I NEED
A NEW START.
JACK.
OH, JACK!
FINALLY.
OH, YOU KNOW HOW LONG
I'VE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS.
YOU KNOW,
WE CAN HAVE A NORMAL LIFE NOW.
WE'RE NOT TIED
TO MY FATHER.
I CAN'T BELIEVE THIS.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
WE HAVE TO GO SOMEWHERE.
WE SHOULD GO TO --
TO DOOR COUNTY, RIGHT?
GET ONE OF THE CABINS UP THERE,
JUST YOU AND ME.
BAILEYS HARBOR.
REMEMBER?
WE LOVE THAT PLACE --
THE SUNSETS AND THE GREAT WINE
AND THE LONG NAPS
IN THE HAMMOCK.
I'M SO EXCITED.
MM.
MWAH!
CHEERS.
TO FREEDOM.
DADDY,
I HAD A BAD DREAM.
IT'S OKAY,
BUDDY.
COME HERE.
WHERE'S MOMMY?
DON'T WORRY.
SHE'LL BE BACK SOON.
I LET MYSELF IN.
I JUST -- I DIDN'T WANT
TO WAKE HIM.
HOW ARE YOU,
SWEETHEART?
YOU'RE UP EARLY.
TODAY'S SHOW-AND-TELL --
AUNT CHLOE'S TOY!
OH, NO.
I LEFT IT
IN MY ROOM.
OKAY.
CAN WE FIND SOME TIME
TO TALK?
THERE'S NOTHING
TO TALK ABOUT.
WELL, AMY'S GONNA FINISH
THE SCHOOL YEAR,
AND THEN WE PLAN
TO MOVE TO ANN ARBOR.
MY FRIEND HAS A WAITRESSING JOB
FOR ME THERE --
A GREAT PLACE.
DON'T DO THAT.
STAY.
I-I'VE BEEN THINKING --
MAYBE IF --
IF YOU DON'T LEAVE,
THEN I COULD BRING SOME CLOTHES
OVER TO YOUR PLACE,
AND I COULD LEAVE THEM THERE,
LIKE, ALL THE TIME, YOU KNOW?
WE COULD --
WE COULD LIVE TOGETHER.
YOU'RE A GOOD GUY.
YOU'VE BEEN REAL NICE TO ME
AND AMY --
A REAL FRIEND.
DON'T YOU LIKE ME?
I DO.
T.J.,
I-I DO, BUT --
WHAT?
WELL,
THERE ARE MANY REASONS.
THE BIGGEST ONE
IS YOUR FATHER.
WELL,
WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
LISTEN,
T.J., I KNOW THIS --
YOUR FATHER WILL DO
WHATEVER IT TAKES
TO MAKE SURE
IT NEVER HAPPENS BETWEEN US.
WE CAN'T GET
AROUND THAT.
ARE --
ARE YOU -- DO YOU --
DO YOU WANT TO TAKE HIM
TO SCHOOL TODAY?
YOU READY,
BUD?
WAVE TO MOMMY.
BYE.
AH, YOU ARE A LITTLE EARLY,
DON'T YOU THINK?
YOU'RE NOT SUPPOSED TO BE HERE
UNTIL 3:00.
WELL,
I WAS IN THE NEIGHBORHOOD,
AND I THOUGHT,
"YOU KNOW, I SHOULD SHOW ELAINE
THIS NEW MALBEC."
YOU THINK YOU CAN JUST COME
IN HERE WHENEVER YOU LIKE, HUH?
IT'S FUN TO COME UP WITH EXCUSES
TO BE IN THE NEIGHBORHOOD
SO THAT I CAN JUST DROP BY
AND SAY,
"HEY, I WAS
IN THE NEIGHBORHOOD."
WHAT DO YOU MEAN,
"EXCUSES"?
TO SEE YOU.
LOOK, ELAINE,
AM I CRAZY?
AM I IMAGINING THIS THING
BETWEEN US?
THERE'S NO THING.
YOU'RE MARRIED.
I KNOW.
YES.
NOW, THAT DOESN'T MEAN
I CAN'T BE ATTRACTED
TO OTHER PEOPLE,
BUT --
YOU'RE ATTRACTED
TO ME?
WHAT I'M TRYING TO SAY
IS THAT I --
ARE YOU ATTRACTED
TO ME?
WE CAN'T HAVE THIS CONVERSATION.
BECAUSE I-I AM ATTRACTED
TO YOU.
STOP.
STOP WHAT?
I THINK
I THINK MAYBE
YOU SHOULD START
DOING YOUR DELIVERIES
IN THE EVENING,
AND I'M GONNA HAVE
MY NIGHT MANAGER, MARCO,
DO THE BUYING.
WAIT, SERIOUSLY?
YOU MEAN THAT?
OKAY.
I TOTALLY HEAR YOU.
YOU HAVE
A CUSTOMER.
WE'RE CLOSED.
SORRY.
MRS. McALLISTER,
HI.
I, UH -- I'D LIKE
TO TALK TO YOU.
IT'S PERSONAL.
WHAT IS IT?
THERE'S SOMETHING
I WANTED TO LET YOU KNOW.
YOUR...
YOUR HUSBAND --
HE, UM --
WELL,
HE AND I...
UM...
WE FOUGHT
A HARD BATTLE.
AND NOW THAT THE CASE
HAS BEEN DISMISSED, I JUST --
I WANTED TO APOLOGIZE
FOR ANY ANNOYANCE
I MIGHT HAVE CAUSED YOU
OR YOUR FAMILY.
ANNOYANCE?
MY BROTHER WAS IN JAIL
FOR THREE DAYS BECAUSE OF YOU.
WELL, WE MAY HAVE BEEN
TOO AGGRESSIVE.
I MAY HAVE BEEN
AND FOR THAT, I'M SORRY --
TRULY.
THANK YOU
FOR HEARING ME OUT.
YOU KNOW,
THERE IS ONE MORE THING.
HEY, UM, I'VE LEFT YOU
A FEW MESSAGES.
WELL, I'M ON MY WAY DOWN,
SO I'LL SEE YOU SOON.
MR. McALLISTER, I WAS BROUGHT IN
TO MANAGE THIS OFFICE
TO CLEAN UP THE MESS MADE
BY DREW STAFFORD
AND LARRY ABRAMS ON THE, UH,
MROZEK MURDER INVESTIGATION.
WE ACKNOWLEDGE THAT CASE
SPUN OUT OF CONTROL.
WELL,
WE CAN AGREE ON THAT,
BUT I DON'T UNDERSTAND
WHY YOU WANTED ME TO COME IN.
WE RESPECT
THE CONTRIBUTIONS MADE
BY THE KARSTENS
TO THE COMMUNITY, TO THE MAYOR,
THE STATE'S ATTORNEY,
TO BOTH
OF THEIR ELECTION CAMPAIGNS.
I JUST WANTED
TO MAKE SURE WE'RE GOOD.
I NO LONGER WORK
FOR THATCHER KARSTEN.
REALLY?
I HAD NO IDEA.
WELL, I'M SORRY
TO HAVE WASTED YOUR TIME.
YEAH.
DON'T BE TOO HARD
ON STAFFORD.
HE WAS JUST
DOING HIS JOB.
I SAW ELAINE TODAY.
THE OSSOBUCCO
AT HER PLACE --
BEST I EVER HAD.
HOWARD?
MAY I ASK WHY JACK McALLISTER
WAS JUST --
NO,
YOU MAY NOT.
HERE'S HOW IT GOES
FROM NOW ON --
I TALK,
AND YOU NOD APPRECIATIVELY.
YOU'RE ON PROBATION,
STAFFORD.
I'M WELL AWARE
I WAS A LITTLE AMBITIOUS AND --
GOOD.
THEN BE AWARE
OF THESE.
NEW CASES, ALL YOURS,
THE ONLY CASES YOU'LL WORK.
SIR, I'M
A FIRST-CHAIR PROSECUTOR.
YOU'RE GIVING ME D.U.I.s?
I AM.
AND LET ME
BE CRYSTAL CLEAR --
YOUR EYEBALLS WANDER
ONE MILLIMETER
FROM THOSE
SONS OF BITCHES,
AND YOU CAN KISS YOUR CAREER
IN GOVERNMENT GOODBYE.
THE LOU MROZEK CASE
IS OVER.
HEY.
I WAS
AT THE PROSECUTOR'S OFFICE,
WRAPPING UP SOME STUFF
WITH T.J.'s CASE.
I RAN
INTO DREW STAFFORD.
HE SAID
HE CAME BY THE RESTAURANT.
YES, HE DID.
WHAT DID HE WANT?
WELL,
BELIEVE IT OR NOT,
HE WANTED TO APOLOGIZE FOR
PUTTING OUR FAMILY THROUGH HELL.
ANYTHING ELSE?
YEAH, HE SAID HE READ A REVIEW
OF MY OSSOBUCCO
AND HE WANTED
TO MAKE A RESERVATION,
THAT HIS WIFE'S BIRTHDAY
WAS COMING UP.
WH-WH-WHAT
ARE YOU DOING?
OH, WELL, I WAS PACKING
FOR THE TRIP,
BUT I DID GET A LITTLE CARRIED
AWAY IN CLEANING EVERYTHING OUT.
IT'S MY NEW MISSION --
SIMPLIFY EVERYTHING.
WHAT TRIP?
LAST NIGHT.
DOOR COUNTY?
I GOT US THAT SAME PLACE
IN BAILEYS HARBOR --
THE CABIN
BY THE LAKE.
OKAY?
SO, WE ARE GOING TO HAVE
FOUR DAYS OF NOTHING --
NO KIDS, NO CASE,
NO KARSTEN ALLIED.
IT'S JUST YOU
AND ME.
ELAINE,
PLEASE.
WE'RE NOT GOING
TO BAILEYS HARBOR.
SARA?
4:00 IN THE MORNING?
YEAH.
THE SISTER I GREW UP WITH
NEVER GOT UP BEFORE NOON.
WELL, THIS JOB AT THE BAKERY
RELAXES ME.
AND ALSO GETTING UP SO EARLY
KEEPS ME OUT OF TROUBLE.
I MEAN, CAN'T REALLY SHOW UP
TO WORK HUNG OVER
AT 4:00
IN THE MORNING.
HOW LONG
HAS IT BEEN?
10 MONTHS.
AND YOU FEEL GOOD?
I FEEL REALLY GOOD
MOST OF THE TIME.
AND WHEN
I HAVE A BAD DAY,
I JUST CALL MY SPONSOR,
GO TO A MEETING.
SOMETIMES,
I CALL MOM AND DAD.
ALL THEY DO IS TALK ABOUT YOU
ALL THE TIME --
WELL, MOSTLY ABOUT
THEIR ONE AND ONLY GRANDSON.
YOU ALL RIGHT,
SARA?
YEAH.
WHY? I'M FINE.
DON'T TAKE THIS
THE WRONG WAY,
BUT WHAT THE HELL
ARE YOU DOING HERE?
WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
I CAME TO SEE YOU.
COME ON.
WE'VE BARELY SPOKEN
IN YEARS.
YOU DRIVE ALL THE WAY DOWN HERE
JUST TO SAY HI.
WHAT'S GOING ON?
IT WASN'T SOMETHING
I WAS LOOKING FOR...
OR EVER IMAGINED.
AND EVERYTHING YOU BELIEVED
ABOUT US, I BELIEVED, TOO.
I WAS HAPPY.
AND THEN THIS...
WELL,
IT HAPPENED.
I'M SITTING HERE,
AND I'M WAITING FOR YOU
TO TELL ME THAT YOU LOVE ME,
THAT YOU LOVE OUR KIDS,
AND THAT YOU DON'T WANT
TO BREAK UP OUR FAMILY
AND THAT...
YOU WANT TO BE FORGIVEN
FOR YOUR SELFISHNESS
AND YOUR STUPIDITY.
OH, WAIT.
IT JUST HIT ME --
YOU WON'T SAY THAT
BECAUSE YOU LOVE HER.
YOU'RE IN LOVE
WITH HER.
YOU -- YOU THINK
YOU'RE IN LOVE WITH HER.
NO.
I SHOULD HAVE RESPONDED
TO YOUR E-MAILS,
COME DOWN AND HELPED YOU
DURING REHAB.
I GET IT.
I MADE YOUR LIFE MISERABLE
FOR YEARS.
YOU MISS
A LOT OF BIRTHDAYS,
YOU'VE GOT A LOT OF MAKING UP
TO DO.
YEAH,
BUT I WAS TOO HARD ON YOU.
I WAS
TOO JUDGMENTAL.
IT WASN'T FAIR.
THE TRUTH IS
THAT I --
I DIDN'T UNDERSTAND
HOW YOU COULD MESS YOUR LIFE UP
OVER AND OVER.
BUT NOW I DO BECAUSE
I'M IN A BIT OF A MESS MYSELF.
I'M -- I'M HAVING
AN AFFAIR.
HE'S MARRIED.
AND DREW FOUND OUT.
I LOVE HIM.
TELL ME
THAT I'M NOT CRAZY.
I'M NOT LOSING MY MIND.
I DON'T THINK
I CAN DO THAT, SARA.
I THINK
YOU'RE BEING A FOOL.
A CONNECTION?
DO YOU REALLY THINK
THAT THIS IS GONNA LAST?
I MEAN, AFTER -- AFTER 20 YEARS
OF MARRIAGE, DO YOU --
THAT'S HERS,
ISN'T IT?
I HAVE BEEN WALKING BY
THIS THING
IN MY OWN HOUSE,
AND YOU LET ME!
YOU SON OF A BITCH!
YOU LYING COWARD!
YOU...
YOU'VE DESTROYED THIS FAMILY.
ARE YOU GUYS OKAY?
YOU DID THIS.
YOU TELL THEM.
UH, YOUR MOM AND I --
WE'RE DEALING WITH SOME STUFF.
WE WANT YOU BOTH TO KNOW,
THOUGH, NO MATTER WHAT HAPPENS,
WE --
WE LOVE YOU VERY --
WHAT STUFF?
I'VE MET SOMEONE.
WHAT DOES THAT MEAN?
IT MEANS
HE'S CHEATING ON MOM.
DUCKING THE FEDS,
FIXING THAT ALDERMAN SITUATION.
I HOPE EVERYTHING I'VE BEEN
DOING IS HELPFUL, THATCHER.
NO,
I APPRECIATE IT.
WELL, I WANT YOU TO KNOW
YOU CAN RELY ON ME FOR ANYTHING.
THE STUFF JACK DID,
THE STUFF JACK NEVER WOULD --
WHATEVER YOU NEED --
I CAN HANDLE IT.
YOU A LAWYER?
DID YOU EVEN MAKE IT
PAST THE 10th GRADE?
IT'S NOT THAT EASY
TO STEP INTO JACK'S SHOES.
MAYBE NOT, BUT I HAVE
OTHER SKILLS THAT ARE USEFUL.
TAKE A LOOK.
I REALLY NEVER THOUGHT
THAT YOU'D REACT
LIKE THIS.
I THOUGHT BECAUSE YOU'VE BEEN
THERE YOURSELF, THAT MAYBE --
THAT MAYBE WHAT?
I'D JUST ENCOURAGE YOU
TO BLOW YOUR LIFE UP?
NO,
BUT UNDERSTAND.
I GET IT.
I JUST CAN'T BE A CHEERLEADER
FOR YOU WHILE YOU SELF-DESTRUCT.
WHAT IF
I'M GETTING HAPPIER?
ISN'T THAT
WHAT HAPPENED TO YOU?
YOU BOUNCED BACK BETTER.
YOU'RE KIDDING,
RIGHT?
I'M ESTRANGED FROM EVERYONE
WHO EVER LOVED ME.
AND ALL THOSE PEOPLE YOU HURT --
THEY NEVER FORGIVE YOU.
THEY MIGHT SAY THEY DO.
NO,
THEY NEVER GET OVER IT.
JACK ASKED ME
NOT TO SHOW YOU.
I WAS TRYING
TO BE A TEAM PLAYER.
I TRIED REAL --
I NEED TO TALK TO YOU,
DAD.
THIS ISN'T
A GOOD TIME, T.J.
I DON'T CARE.
I'M TIRED OF YOU
CONTROLLING MY LIFE.
FROM NOW ON,
I WORK WHERE I WANT TO WORK,
AND IF I WANT BRANDY
TO BE MY GIRL,
THEN YOU
STAY OUT OF IT.
BRANDY IS NO GOOD
FOR YOU.
I GET TO SAY.
YOU DON'T GET
TO SAY.
I DON'T WANT TO TALK
ABOUT THIS NOW.
I'M GONNA MARRY HER.
YOU'RE WHAT?
I NEED
TO GET MOM'S RING.
WHEN SHE DIED, SHE GAVE IT
TO ME TO GIVE TO MY WIFE.
DON'T BE STUPID.
DON'T CALL ME THAT.
THE WOMAN'S A WHORE.
YOU DON'T SAY THAT.
I PAID HER TO BE NICE TO YOU,
TO SPEND TIME WITH YOU.
THAT'S NOT TRUE.
SHE LIKES ME.
SHE'S AN FBI INFORMANT.
THEY WANT
TO PUT ME IN PRISON.
YOU DON'T WANT ME
TO BE HAPPY.
YOU NEVER HAVE.
YOU'LL SAY ANYTHING.
DAMN IT, T.J.!
YOU STAY AWAY
FROM HER.
YOU HEAR ME?
THE BEST THING WOULD BE
FOR THAT GIRL TO DISAPPEAR
FROM BOTH OUR LIVES FOREVER.
I USED TO THINK I WAS SO LUCKY
BEING YOUR SON.
I NEVER
THINK THAT ANYMORE.
■
YOU THE OWNER?
ARE YOU A COP?
COOK COUNTY
PROSECUTOR.
DARIUS MILLER.
HE WORKED HERE,
RIGHT?
SO, YOU KNOW
HE WAS SHOT?
I SAW IT
ON THE TV.
SWEET IMPALA.
FANCY CLIENTELE,
HUH?
NOT REALLY,
BUT WE DO ALL RIGHT.
YOU KNOW
IF LIL' D WAS CONNECTED
WITH THE KARSTEN FAMILY
AT ALL?
THE WHO FAMILY?
THATCHER KARSTEN --
REAL-ESTATE BUSINESS.
I DON'T KNOW ANYONE
NAMED THATCHER,
AND I DON'T IMAGINE
LIL' D DID, EITHER.
WOULD YOU CONSIDER HIM
A FRIEND?
HE WAS A GOOD KID.
I LIKED HIM.
CAPABLE OF MURDER?
HE DIDN'T KILL
THAT OLD WHITE MAN BY THE RIVER
IF THAT'S
WHAT YOU MEAN.
I DON'T THINK HE DID, EITHER,
BUT I CAN'T PROVE IT.
NOW EVERYONE I WORK WITH
THINKS I'VE LOST IT.
SOUNDS ROUGH
FOR YOU.
CHEERS.
HEY, REMEMBER WHEN I CAME
TO CHICAGO TO VISIT YOU
TO MAKE AMENDS?
WHICH TIME?
WE WENT FOR THAT WALK
IN LINCOLN PARK.
I KEPT TRYING
TO APOLOGIZE,
BUT YOU'D JUST SAY IT WAS FINE
AND CHANGE THE SUBJECT.
YOU NEVER REALLY WANTED
TO TALK TO ME
ABOUT ALL
THOSE BAD TIMES.
YEAH, WELL, IT JUST SEEMED
EASIER TO LEAVE IT ALONE.
HEY, YOU KNOW, YOU ARE ALLOWED
TO BE ANGRY AT ME.
YEAH,
I KNOW.
DO YOU?
YEAH, BUT WHAT'S THE POINT
IN SAYING ALL THOSE THINGS?
WHERE DOES IT
GET US?
WELL, CLOSER,
MAYBE.
WELL, THANKS FOR THE COFFEE
AND THE BREAD.
RIGHT.
SEE YOU AROUND.
WHAT DO YOU WANT FROM ME,
CHLO?
IT'S JUST THE TRUTH.
YOU'VE BEEN ANGRY ABOUT IT
FOR YEARS.
YOU REALLY WANT
TO HEAR IT,
HOW YOU CONSUMED
MOM AND DAD'S ATTENTION,
ALL OF IT, HOW THERE'S NOT
A DROP LEFT FOR ME,
HOW IN HIGH SCHOOL,
I LAY IN BED
WONDERING HOW MANY CAR WRECKS
YOU WERE AWAY
FROM GETTING YOURSELF
KILLED?
ASKING ME TO HIDE YOUR COKE
IN MY MAKEUP BAG
BECAUSE MOM
CHECKED YOURS?
OR YOUR DRUGGIE BOYFRIEND,
JIMMY, HITTING ON ME
AFTER YOU PASS OUT
IN THE BASEMENT
BECAUSE YOU WERE
SO HIGH?
OR THAT TIME --
OR THE TIME I FOUND YOU
IN THE BATHROOM
WITH A RAZOR AND ALL THE BLOOD?
IS THAT
WHAT YOU WANT?
IS THAT REALLY
GONNA MAKE US CLOSER?
I'M SORRY I PUT YOU THROUGH
ALL THOSE THINGS.
I AM.
I KNOW.
MAYBE NOW
WE'RE BOTH SCREW-UPS,
WE CAN ACTUALLY
SPEND CHRISTMAS TOGETHER.
I'D LIKE THAT.
HI, DAD.
DON'T SCREAM.
SIT.
I'M NOT
GONNA HURT YOU.
I'M HERE TO MAKE YOU A DEAL
ON BEHALF OF MR. KARSTEN.
WHERE'S YOUR DAUGHTER?
AT THE NEIGHBOR'S.
THIS IS HOW
THIS IS ALL GONNA GO DOWN.
MR. KARSTEN WILL WIRE YOU
$250,000.
IT IS
A ONE-TIME FEE.
YOU WILL TAKE IT,
AND YOU WILL MOVE
WITH YOUR DAUGHTER
TO ANOTHER CITY
WITHIN ONE WEEK.
DO YOU
UNDERSTAND ME?
YES OR NO?
HOW DO I JUST --
NO, THAT'S NOT A YES
OR A NO.
DO YOU
UNDERSTAND?
YES.
CAN YOU STAY AWAY
FROM MR. KARSTEN'S SON?
YES OR NO?
YES.
THEN WE
SHOULD HAVE A TOAST.
DO YOU HAVE
ANY BOOZE?
UM...
GIN UNDER THE SINK.
THAT'LL DO.
KORSKAYA.
THAT'S, UH,
LITHUANIAN, RIGHT?
YEAH.
MY PEOPLE
ARE POLISH.
GRANDPARENTS ARE FROM,
UH, ELBLAG.
THAT'S NEAR LITHUANIA.
YOU KNOW, MAYBE OUR ANCESTORS
ACTUALLY KNEW EACH OTHER.
NA ZDROWIE.
I JUST NEVER THOUGHT
THAT HE COULD DO
ANYTHING LIKE THIS TO ME.
DID YOU?
NO.
HE WAS ACTING STRANGE LATELY,
BUT I THOUGHT IT WAS...
I DON'T KNOW.
I ASSUMED
IT WAS YOU.
ME?
I MEAN WORK,
YOU KNOW, THE CASE.
WAS I THE ONLY ONE
WHO DIDN'T KNOW ABOUT THIS?
DID YOU KNOW?
I HAD NO IDEA.
MY GRANDMOTHER USED TO MAKE
THIS LITHUANIAN SOUP.
IT WAS AMAZING.
IT WAS, UH,
BOILED POTATOES,
SOUR CREAM, BUTTERMILK,
AND DILL.
DID YOU
EVER HAVE IT?
YEAH.
I FEEL --
THE ROOM IS SPINNING.
HERE.
LIE DOWN,
HON.
YEAH,
JUST LIE DOWN RIGHT HERE.
YEAH.
THERE YOU ARE.
I LOVE YOU,
LAINIE.
YOU'RE GONNA GET THROUGH
THIS THING.
I KNOW YOU FEEL
REALLY VULNERABLE
AND ALONE RIGHT NOW,
BUT YOU'RE NOT.
I'M GONNA TAKE CARE
OF YOU...
...PROTECT YOU.
YOU'RE MY DAUGHTER.
WE'RE A FAMILY
OF FIGHTERS...
AND SURVIVORS.
WE ALWAYS
COME OUT ON TOP.
CAN WE TALK?
I'M SORRY,
AND I KNOW HOW THAT SOUNDS.
YEAH.
PRETTY WEAK.
DREW...
PLEASE TALK TO ME.
TELL ME
WHAT YOU WANT TO DO NOW.
WHAT CAN I SAY?
WHEN DID YOU FIRST HAVE SEX
WITH HIM?
WHEN?
A FEW DAYS
AFTER THE GALLERY EVENT.
WHERE DID YOU
FIRST HAVE SEX?
IT'S NOT ABOUT --
WHERE?
MY STUDIO,
IF YOU HAVE TO --
HOW ABOUT HERE?
DID YOU --
STOP.
DID YOU?
NO. OKAY?
WHY NOT?
BECAUSE I WOULDN'T.
OUT OF GUILT?
DREW.
HOW ABOUT HIM?
DID HE WANT
TO DO IT HERE?
HE'S NOT LIKE THAT.
OH, HE'S TOO HONORABLE,
RIGHT?
PLEASE.
WHY DON'T WE TALK ABOUT
REAL THINGS BETWEEN US,
YOU AND ME?
LIKE WHAT?
HOW YOU'VE TAKEN ME FOR GRANTED
FOR YEARS.
OH, SO NOW IT'S ABOUT
WHAT I HAVEN'T DONE FOR YOU?
NO, BUT, DREW, THIS DIDN'T
JUST HAPPEN IN A VACUUM.
I MET SOMEONE
AT THE EXACT MOMENT
THAT I WAS FALLING
INTO UNHAPPINESS WITH OUR LIFE.
OUR LIFE?
WHAT THE HELL IS WRONG
WITH OUR LIFE?
IT'S ALL ABOUT YOU.
OUR MARRIAGE HAS ALWAYS
JUST BEEN ABOUT YOU,
YOUR PLANS,
YOUR AMBITIONS.
OH, SO I SHOULD FEEL ASHAMED
ABOUT MY ASPIRATIONS?
NO, BUT YOU'VE TURNED ME
INTO SOME SORT OF ACCESSORY,
AND I LET IT HAPPEN.
WE BOTH DID.
I SHOULD HAVE REALIZED THIS
A LONG TIME AGO.
THAT'S MY FAULT.
WE HAVEN'T BEEN HAPPY,
DREW.
WE'VE BEEN PRETENDING.
AND I KNOW THAT NOW.
AND I THINK
YOU KNOW IT, TOO.
WE WERE HAPPY ONCE,
WEREN'T WE?
I THOUGHT --
I THOUGHT SO.
I THOUGHT
THAT'S WHAT HAPPY WAS.
I'M SORRY THAT IT ALL
HAPPENED LIKE THIS.
BRANDY?
ARE YOU HOME?
WHAT ARE YOU
DOING HERE?
I THOUGHT
THAT YOU HAD THE NIGHT OFF.
I WAS
IN THE NEIGHBORHOOD.
ARE YOU OKAY?
WELL,
I'VE BEEN BETTER.
DOES YOUR WIFE KNOW?
YOU KNOW,
I'VE JUST --
I'VE MADE
SO MANY WRONG CHOICES IN MY LIFE
THAT I THOUGHT
WERE RIGHT.
NOW I DON'T TRUST MYSELF.
I DON'T KNOW
WHAT I'M DOING.
LET'S GO INSIDE.
MAYBE I SHOULD JUST GET
A HOTEL ROOM, RAID THE MINI BAR.
STAY.
PLEASE.
LET'S NOT
BE ALONE TONIGHT.